Yan Ruoxue, you can't run away this time
Brother god
You went to so much trouble just to pursue Yan Ruoxue
I want to announce my marriage to him in public
You can't be serious.
What should I do?
Qianqian, you are overthinking
I do so much
Just to get his body to practice
I only love you
I ordered a pair of wedding rings
I'll wear it for you myself on his birthday
Brother Chen, I knew you were the best for me
By the way, I have something else I need your help with
I need Su Yuze and Yan Ruoxue to break up completely
Good brother Chen
I'm willing to help you with whatever you want.
Yo
It's haunting.
You can meet them all here.
Or are you, Master Su, following me?
Can you take a piss and take a picture of yourself?
Don't have to
You will soon find out
I'm the one you can't afford to offend
Just rely on your brother Ye
Brother Chen has changed
He's not the same as before
And you know what?
The top floor of this hotel
Free for Chen Ke to use for free
Ye Chen reported this